Referee #2 (Remarks to the Author):

This paper merges the FAS multigrid method, which is a highly optimal
solver, with a particular optimization method (CD). They are able to
get close to optimal work complexity this class of optimization
solvers, which is a significant accomplishment. The paper is clearly
written and demonstrates good performance.

Notes:

* Abstract: "FASCD is a common extension of ..." this sounds like
FASCD is, well, common, yet this seems to be the first paper that develops
this method. I think you are saying others have done the same, but it
reads like FASCD is common. Maybe something like 'while many
multilevel VI solvers have been developed, FASCD has unique desirable properties'.

* The prior work section starting at line 40, is hard to follow. There
are three projects that you comparing to. There are many qualities
discussed. A table or some graphic might be useful and some
signposts like 'three MG VI methods have been developed in prior
works [6,24,22].' and a paragraph for each.

* You might move all discussion of desirable properties to the
beginning at line 25. and refer to numbered properties in the prior
work section as far as what other do well and don't do well.

* The FAS treatment, while good, is a little confusing. Perhaps only
to an expert. FMG is not an iterative method, yet you start with
"FASCD ...by a small, mesh-independent number of FMG
iterations...".

+ The FAS algorithm with V-cycles attached to make an iterative
method to arbitrary solver tolerance is fine, but reporting multiple
iteration is not really correct. Right? It is FMG + k V-cycle
iterates. Maybe report "extra V-cycles in FASCD", which should be 0,
but you "over solve" to compare with others. This is subtle and
maybe could be put in the caption of Table 2 to reduce the text for
the column heading from what is now "FMG" ("FMG V-cycles" maybe).

+ This issue becomes a real problem in Table 5 where you devide the
solver time by what you call the FASCD iterations. This does not
make sense. I would suggest, since you are just looking at time per
"iteration", that you just do full MG and forget about iterating.

* FASCD is different in that you have to do strange things with the
constraints in the down smoothing, so it is not surprising that
V(1,0) fails (table 3) and V(1,1) is WORSE that V(0,1) for on test,
which indicates a certain fragility with the down smoothing
process. It seems that should be discussed, but I don't see this.
